Prada and here we have my my my
Bobby my miss leaves okay probably my
very simple okay but we will start from
the top line with the head okay then you
have to make your hand stable break it
down straight okay same proportion as
the Tao addict up top guy okay here not
too narrow
if you do do too narrow you would get
cockeyed so be careful with the width
for Bobby mine and there we go buh-bye
mine may be too narrow
make your hand steady give me Godhead
you have a pretty good problem right
here but let's look at the first one the
first one you're doing too narrow
because it's very close to cockeyed
already so you have to do the proportion
of cockeyed I cut out a standard size
okay this is too wide the big may be
about this size would be nice and always
complete the circle make it brown okay
make it round and more stable on your
wrist it's one very good this one very
good and this one also good okay great
alright next is I need apply apply pitch
okay
apply looks like Bobby my of course
except for the tail that since we have
fin fish hair pins we have some care of
a black so popular just like Bobby my is
starting with the hair straighter
and go after the tail much damn straight
it here okay about yes
so if I get the bull ah you should be
able to do go buy my checkered by mine
that's a risings let's go blah but black
for my mind
oh my my my is it heightened by my this
is a black meet one long time and
writing is improved again look at the
tail if you do divide this into three
portion one two three you see the tail
and three portion this is tool it is
three okay now the first Papa is very
good and then except that you can do is
straight up wishing the one two three
this one the best the best very good and
this one oak also okay and this one
should be straight that's one it's okay
very good
okay I mean spacing above child and and
it's a silent consonant and you start
with the middle okay the hand is in the
middle yeah drank them same width as the
standard
mmm
and keep it look okay and the first one
CFS fun okay it's a little too high but
it's okay good okay don't make it float
here baby the line okay this is a little
bit too crooked straight up straight and
again straight up before you make this
is floating again running and too narrow
here also and this is the right size the
right size amen
okay great thank you this has been the
first seven new consonants have to learn
side that